ESPnet-SPK: Additional models, supplement readme (#5559)
espnet/espnet: egs2/TEMPLATE/spk1/README.md

- [Change the configuration for training](https://espnet.github.io/espnet/espnet2_training_option.html)
- [Distributed training](https://espnet.github.io/espnet/espnet2_distributed.html)

### 6. Speaker embedding extraction
Extracts speaker embeddings for inference.
Speaker embeddings belonging to the evaluation set are extracted.
If `score_norm=true` and/or `qmf_func=true`, cohort set(s) for score normalization and/or quality measure function is also extracted.

### 7. Score calculation
Calculates speaker similarity scores for an evaluation protocol (i.e., a set of trials).
One scalar score is calcuated for each trial.

> This stage includes score normalization if set with `--score_normtrue`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This stage includes score normalization if set with `--score_norm=true`.
```
